1. What is an object in SQL?
	SQL objects are schemas, journals, catalogs, tables, aliases, 
	views, indexes, constraints, triggers, sequences, stored procedures, 
	user-defined functions, user-defined types, global variables, and SQL packages.

2. What is Index? What are the advantages and disadvantages of using Indexes?
	Index is a database objects, on which optimizer depends to function. 
	It is a seperate structure attached to a table, and contains pointers to the physical data.
Advantages:
	Reduce disk I/O.
	Allow SQL Server to dind data without scanning the entire table.
Disadvantages:
	Additional disk space.
	Insert, Update, Delete statments become slow.

3. What are the types of Indexes?
Clustered index: 
	By defualt it is the primary key, but it does not have to.
	Data is stored at the leaf level.
	Data is sorted by the key.
Unclustered index:
	Uses cluster key or RID of a heap
	Include stored at leaf

4. Does SQL Server automatically create indexes when a table is created? If yes, under which constraints?
Yes, with unique contraints.

5. Can a table have multiple clustered index? Why?
No. That the rule, wont make sense otherwise.

6. Can an index be created on multiple columns? Is yes, is the order of columns matter?
Yes & Yes, because an unclustered index is likely to be clustered in a different table.

7. Can indexes be created on views?
Yes.

8. What is normalization? What are the steps (normal forms) to achieve normalization?
Data normalization is a process of organizing data to minimize redundancy (data duplication), which helps ensure data consistency.
	1. Make the data in each column atomic, no multiple values in the same column seperated by a comma.
	2. No repeating column groups. 
	3. identify each record using primary key.
	4. Unique records.

	5. Move redundant data to a different table, and main the same relationship using a foreign key.

	6. Does not contain columns that are not fully dependent on primary key.

9. What is denormalization and under which scenarios can it be preferable?
Add redundancies deliberately to improve performance.

10.How do you achieve Data Integrity in SQL Server?
By maintaining Domain integrity, entity integrity and referential integrity. 
	(atomic column value,
	 every table with a primary key, 
	use foreign keys so that a change in the table with primary key table can only be made 
		after similar changes are made to all tables 
			with a foreign key referring to the primary key of the said priomary key table).

11.What are the different kinds of constraint do SQL Server have?
Contrainsts are defined rules to enforce integrity. There are column constraints and table constraints.
Types:
	Not Null;
	Unique;
	Primary key
	Foreign key
	Check constraints

12.What is the difference between Primary Key and Unique Key?
A table can have only one primary key with no null. 
A table can have multiple unique keys with at most 1 null.

13.What is foreign key?
It is a column or a combination of columns to establish a link beween two tables.
Normally, it is a primary in another table but doesnt have to be.

14.Can a table have multiple foreign keys?
Yes

15.Does a foreign key have to be unique? Can it be null?
Yes. No.

16. Can we create indexes on Table Variables or Temporary Tables?
No and Yes.

17. What is Transaction? What types of transaction levels are there in SQL Server?
A transaction is a single unit of work. If a transaction is successful, 
all of the data modifications made during the transaction are committed and become a permanent part of the database.

Levels:
	read uncommited
	read commited
	repeatable read
	snapshot isolation
	serializable
